The main ledit file is titled Workings.tdb and the fabricated cell in there is titled "overview".  This contains the layouts for all of the different pictures I've put in your box.

I'll explain the pictures one at a time.

gmap.gif is the map or layout for my chip.  It contains the devices as they will be placed on the cell.  The square that is shaped by the different cells is 1 cm by 1 cm.

HDL_amp.gif is on of the larger fluidic amplifiers on the cell.  The connection ports are potentially too close together to make use of them all.  Basically a pressure difference between the two lower ports times a gain will be the pressure difference at the upper ports.

adjust1.gif is an adjustable version of the pressure controlled oscillator.  Applying a voltage difference between the comb capacitor plates will change the splitter position and potentially change the response of the oscillations.  The two blue metal pads on the oscillator can be used to make a thermocouple.  If a warm fluid is used in the device, the oscillating fluid will cause an oscillating voltage in the thermocouple.  

adjust2.gif is an adjustable version of HDL_amp.  The effect of splitter position on circuit response can be examined.

connects.gif is designed for practicing connecting to fluidic devices.  The larger holes are designed for small guage needles, while the smaller holes are for thin glass pipets.

guckle.gif is a set of guckle rings designed using the pme library.

harm_osc.gif is a damped driven harmonic oscillator.  the mass is focused around the comb drive.  The dampening is provided by friction between poly0 and poly 1.  The free moving comb is limited to one directional movement by the poly2 overhangs.

oscillator_thrm.gif is a set of two pressure controlled oscillators which have metal bonding sites with which to make thermocouples.  See adjust1 for a more complete description.

polytst.gif is an attempt to look at the Young's Modulus of polysilicon.  The basic idea as is sketched out here is to run current between the middle two bonding sites with a magnetic field running perpendicular to the device.  If the B field is going into the page and the current is flowing down, for example, the middle structure will be deflected to the right.  The capacitance measurement at the four combs can tell us how much deflection occured.

pres_tst.gif are a set of sensors which when pressurized will deflect the metal coated cavity.  A light/laser reflected off this can be calibrated into a pressure reading.

resonate.gif is a pme sample.  Basically a resonant comb structure.

springs_fun.gif are two coils attached together.  More experimenting with pme resources.

temp_flowmtr.gif is a device which will give basically a digital (yes-no) signal as to whether there is fluid flowing in the channel assuming the fluid is at a different temperature than ambient.

valve_passive.gif is a set of cantilever passive valves.  Basically, they are manufactured underneath the poly2 layer and are made out of poly1.  When the inner cavity is pressurize compared to ambient, the devices will seal and otherwise they are open.  

channel_xst.gif is pict which is designed to show the cross section of my channels.  The channels are made using a poly2 layer with the anchor to nitride forming the walls.
